This 3D Shapes code models 3D shapes in a 2D canvas using different Computer Graphics basics. The user can manually change the perspective and angle the canvas looks at the object. If they know how to properly change the values in the code, they can generate their own shapes and have them spin in any direction they please. The code is run on a local server that the user generates. (Code tested using Live Server extension in Visual Studio Code). The code is written in JavaScript and the HTML5 2D Canvas API.
Within the scripts folder, there are three JavaScript files that were used to primarily generate the scene displayed on the canvas.
The matrix.js file was used for creating matrix objects that could be used in the renderscene.js file. It contains a few multiplication functions as well as a vector class that extends matrix for calculating the projection of the model to the canvas.
The transforms.js file contains all of the calculations for transforming the model from the model plane to the canvas for the user to see. Most of the calculations were matrix multiplication along with setting the values for parts of the transformation such as scaling, rotating, shearing, etc.
 Renderscene.js held the processes required to project the canvas. It calculates all of the points of the shape made, calculates the perspectives, clips the view of the canvas, draws the model, provides proper codes to ensure the image should match the plane, etc. It essentially is the final projection after that handles the complicated math that should be separated from the other two files.
